Document about jsonschema for dvc.yaml (#1650)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/install/plugins.md

The file itself is in a simple YAML format.

> We also provide a [schema](https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema) for
> dvc.yaml that provides automatic syntax checks and auto-completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide a [schema](https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema) for
`dvc.yaml` that enables automatic syntax checks and auto-completion.
```

## Visual Studio Code

> To make `.dvc` files and `dvc.lock` files as YAML, you should add following in
> the settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make `dvc.lock` and `.dvc` files recognized as YAML, add the following in
`settings.json`:
```

```json
"files.associations": {
    "*.dvc": "yaml",
    "dvc.lock": "yaml"
}
```

> To get auto-completion and syntax checks, you can install
> [YAML extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)
> that provides auto-completion and syntax checks for `dvc.yaml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable enhanced
[IntelliSense](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense),
on `dvc.yaml` files by installing the
[YAML extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml).
```

## Pycharm/Intellij

Pycharm/Intellij should ask how to associate file types for `.dvc` and
`dvc.lock` files when you first open them. If not, follow
[Pycharm's guide](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/creating-and-registering-file-types.html)
to set them manually.

> Pycharm, by default, provides auto-completion and syntax checks for `dvc.yaml`

Author: Would be good to confirm this. For me, it worked without any change in settings.

Reviewer: I installed the free community edition on Windows and it did work indeed but only after a long indexing process.

Author: You should have opened `example-get-started`, would have been faster.

Reviewer: The first time PyCharm indexes, it goes over the entire Python stdlib I think haha.

The file itself is in a simple YAML format.

> We also provide a [schema](https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema) for
> `dvc.yaml` that enables automatic syntax checks and auto-completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We maintain a [schema](https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema) for
`dvc.yaml` that can enable IDE syntax checks and auto-completion.
```

## Visual Studio Code

To make `dvc.lock` and `.dvc` files recognized as YAML, add the following in
`settings.json`:

```json
"files.associations": {
    "*.dvc": "yaml",
    "dvc.lock": "yaml"
}
```

Enable enhanced
[IntelliSense](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense),
on `dvc.yaml` files by installing the
[YAML extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml).

> ## PyCharm/IntelliJ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PyCharm & IntelliJ IDEA
```

Reviewer: I that what we meant here? ☝️

Reviewer: If so, the paragraph below should start with "These IDEs", probably.

Author: Yup, for all IDEs of Jetbrains as you wrote on `dcyaml-schema`'s README.

Reviewer: Kk so
```suggestion
## JetBrain IDEs (PyCharm, Intellij IDEA, et al.)
```

> ## Pycharm/Intellij

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PyCharm/IntelliJ
```

> The IDE should ask how to associate file types for `dvc.lock` and `.dvc` files
> when you first open one of them. If not, follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These IDEs should ask how to associate file types for `dvc.lock` and `.dvc`
files when you first open one of them. If not, follow
```

> Pycharm/Intellij should ask how to associate file types for `.dvc` and
> `dvc.lock` files when you first open them. If not, follow
> [Pycharm's guide](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/creating-and-registering-file-types.html)
> to set them manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IDE should ask how to associate file types for `dvc.lock` and `.dvc` files
when you first open one of them. If not, follow
[this guide](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/creating-and-registering-file-types.html)
to set them manually.
```

PyCharm should provide auto-completion and syntax checks for `dvc.yaml` files

> out-of-box. If not, refer to

Author: ```suggestion
out-of-the-box. If not, refer to
```

> out-of-the-box. If not, refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
out of the box. If not, refer to
```

> Pycharm, by default, provides auto-completion and syntax checks for `dvc.yaml`
> files. If not, refer to the
> [usage instructions for installing schema](https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyCharm should provides auto-completion and syntax checks for `dvc.yaml` files
out-of-box. If not, refer to
[these instructions](https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema).
```

## Vim

> In order to recognize `.dvc` and `dvc.lock` files as YAML in Vim, you should

Author: ```suggestion
In order to recognize `dvc.lock` and `.dvc` files as YAML in Vim, you should
```
